When I was a child, I liked watching cartoons nonstop and hanging on the phone for at least two hours a day. As I often misbehaved, mom sometimes forbided me to do this. Then she said:"Behave yourself!I will have a hard day tomorrow and I will come home late. I need to prepare for lessons. I will teach english, explain new rules, read english books and sing english songs. I will be very tired in the evenening. Please, pull yourself together and stop making me angry" And then, I immediately pulled myself together and stoped making her angry. I stoped talking rubbish, calling names, moaning, making noise, bothering with questions, distracting from work. I started to collect books, toys and many other things, and put in order. Then mom calmed down, and said: "Good for you!Currently, I will good prepare for lessons and I will have good day tomorrow". And then, I started to watch cartoons and felt better, it wast the most important. In fact, mom never find faults with people. So, I never take offence at her.

When I was 13, my mom bought me a tortoise. She moved so fast. All flat was her home. When she wanted to eat, she got out on the middle. The tortoise eat vegetables and fruit. She liked eating cabbage, salad and apples. I tried to walk with her. Outside, she ate grass. I had to watch for her because she was very active and moved so fast. She could eat something nasty in outside. My tortoise didn't like her cage. She always staied on hind feet and tried to get out it. She liked siting under radiator and in other hard-to-reach place. She  constantly needed under-floor heating, but it was impossiible in my flat. One day she catched a cold. I was upset.I'am 40 now, and I often remember my tortoise, besause she always made me feel alright.

I hope, in the future, people will be diffrent. Nowadays, people are always exhausted and sad. They work so much, and very little sleep. They are angry with their relatives and think only about thier career. Usually, they don't play the fool,  dont't fun and don't hope for the best. People weren't so depressed a 1 century ago. They lived in harmony with nature. They went to classical concerts and walked in the parks. They ate healthy food and slept 8 hours a day. They ran, swam, rode horses, did sport because they thought about their health. They were pleased with their lives and were sure of their future. I hope, a century from now, people will change. They will be intrested in art and sport. They will go away from big city and will live in the countryside. They won't depend on machines. They will do everything with their own hands. They will think of their freinds and family, They will be happy!